Fix docs (#451)
IntelPython/numba-dppy: docs/user_guides/debugging/set_up_machine.rst

The Installable Client Driver (ICD) uses the system implementation for OpenCL by default.
You will also need to add environment variables to change the behavior of the ICD.
Add all needed from "/etc/OpenCL/vendors/" and custom to `OCL_ICD_FILENAMES`.

> To overwrite the default behavior, set `OCL_ICD_VENDORS` to empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To overwrite the default behavior, use :samp:`export OCL_ICD_VENDORS=`.
```

    sudo dpkg -r igfxdcd

> If you are installing DCD for the first time, you need to create keys. For more details, see the link at the end of this page.

Reviewer: Provide link to corresponding section.

    sudo dpkg -r igfxdcd

If you are installing DCD for the first time, you need to create keys. For more details, see the link at the end of this page.

See also:

  - `Get Started with Intel® Distribution for GDB* on Linux* OS Host <https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/documentation/get-started-with-debugging-dpcpp-linux/top.html>`_

>   - `Public signature key <https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/documentation/get-started-with-debugging-dpcpp-linux/top.html#:~:text=sudo%20modprobe%20igfxdcd-,The%20host%20system%20does%20not%20recognize%20the%20igfxdcd%20signature%20if,gpg-keys/GPG-PUB-KEY-INTEL-SW-PRODUCTS-2023.PUB,-If%20you%20have>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `Public signature key <https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/documentation/get-started-with-debugging-dpcpp-linux/top.html>`_
```
